---
title: Climbing Team Website 1.0
author: Phill Sparks
date: "2024-03-28T11:58:00Z"
---

Welcome to the new Fox Coverts Climbing Team portal! I am hoping to make this a useful tool for organising the team and keeping on top of all the things that I have let slip over the past few years. **This is a work of progress.** I have tried to make it work on mobile screens too, but there's certainly room for improvement. Please let me know if you have any suggestions, and especially if you find something that doesn't work for you.

## Bookings

My first focus is on organising instructors for bookings. At the moment the portal will send individual emails for each booking when you are invited, when the booking is confirmed, and when any of the details change. Please let me know that these emails are working for you... Do they have the right information in them? Is it useful to get the update emails? Do you want a summary email to remind you of bookings this week?

Bookings will start out **tentative** until we have a Lead Instructor available and, hopefully, a team to support them - then they will then be **confirmed**.

You will receive invitations by email to each booking, please respond to these as soon as you can. The respond button in your email will not require you to login, and you should be able to add the booking straight into any calendar you use. If you respond "Maybe" then the booking will appear both on your [rota](/rota) and on your [invites](/invite), and your name will move from the "Invite" list to the "Maybe" list on the booking.

I do plan to add some automated reminder emails in the future - but until then invite/update emails are all you will get.

## Personal & Emergency Contact Details

I have used details from Compass to set up your accounts. I **do not** plan to update your account from the Scouts' records going forward, but if there is an easy export option in the new Scouts website then I may look at doing this occasionally, or otherwise asking you each year to confirm your details are still correct.

Your contact phone number and emergency contact details will be accessible to the **Lead Instructor** for each booking. You may choose not to provide your phone number or emergency contact details, but if you have an emergency then the Lead Instructor will need to contact the **Team Leader** or the **District Lead Volunteer** to find your emergency contact details from the Scouts website instead.

Team Members will be able to access the phone number and emergency contact for the Lead Instructor of a booking.

## Coming Soon

Next on my list of priorities is adding **Permit** information to the system, so that Lead Instructors can easily find out what their team are able to deliver. I am also considering tracking who has the shared office **Keys**, who has a **Necker**, and a way of ordering **Team Clothing**.
